﻿﻿# Game Play Logic Flow---## *This Markdown file is for detailing all 'user stories' that relate to gameplay/gameplay-logic.*>The information in this file will be combined with the research that is being done on the implementation of the gameplay-logic to create the issues that will need to be solved to get this portion of the project to the next phase.Important Links | ...----------------- | -----------------Battle-Tactics (ZenHub Tab) | https://github.com/MrStevenNg/Battle-Tactics/wiki#zenhubBattle-Tactics (Wiki Tab) | https://github.com/MrStevenNg/Battle-Tactics/wikiCombat Phases Reference (PDF) | https://drive.google.com/file/d/17GSuJhBQ064sSG10Nwlo7RIWBcZkYY1I/view---## Reference:>The Battle Round.1. Movement Phase    * _Move any units that are capable of doing so._2. Psychic Phase    * Psykers can use powerful mental abilities.3. Shooting Phase    * Your units may shoot enemy units.4. Charge Phase    * Your units may move into close combat against enemy units.5. Fight Phase    * Both players' units pile in and attack with melee weapons.6. Morale Phase    * Test the courage of depleted units.>Once a player’s turn has ended, their opponent then starts their turn. Once both players have completed a turn, the **battle round** has been completed and the next one begins, and so on, until the battle is concluded.> ######Additional Note:> Not all phases are played each turn, it is dependent on several factors. (unit abilities, units killed, etc.)---### Global stories:* A user should be able to __zoom in__ on the map.    * When zoomed in:        * A user should be able to __swipe__ in any direction to move around the map.* A user should be able to __zoom out__ on the map.* A user should be able to __tap__ any unit to see:    * Special Abilities    * Mortal Wounds (counter)    * Other Stats _(pg.175 in 8th ed. rulebook)_* A user should be able to use the __back__ and __next__ buttons to __undo/redo__ all user inputs during the game.* A user should be able to access the dice manager at anytime (except when using the menu).* _(settings)_ A user should be able to toggle __AOE__ _(Area of Effect)_ highlights.### Movement phase:* A user should be able to hold/drag any unit to any location on the map.    * A user should receive a clear indicator that a unit is being moved outside of it's movement range.    * A user should be able to reset any unit back to its original position.    * A user should be able to clearly see what units are in it's range of attack.* A user should be able to easily compare stats between one of their __units__ and an __enemy unit__.### Psychic & Shooting phase:* A user should be able to easily toggle a visual display of a piece's range of attack.    * A user clearly see what __enemy units__ are in a piece's range of attack.* A user should be able to __tap__ an __enemy unit__ to see their stats.* A user should be able to initiate a psychic or shooting attack on an __enemy unit__.* A user should be able to remove a unit from play.### Charge phase:* A user should be able to clearly see what pieces can charge.* A user should be able to select a piece and see what __enemy units__ can be charged.### Attack phase:### Moral phase:---## Pseudo-code to automate the Dice Manager.